README.markdown, before:

### What It Does

Keeps an eye on a specified folder, waiting for HAML/SASS file changes. When a
file was changed, it's re-generated in `#{watch_folder}/output/` or
`#{watch_folder}/css/`.


### Usage

    ruby watcher.rb watch_folder


### Example

Running `ruby watcher.rb /Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project` will watch both both
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/haml/` and
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/sass/`. When a contained HAML or SASS file
is touched/saved, a new HTML or CSS file with the same basename is generated 
and saved in either `/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/output/` (HTML) or
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/css/`.


### Fragments / Includes

Using the custom `%include` tag in HAML files you can include other HTML files.
Think "fragments".

Example:

    %h1 test omg
    %include{ :file => "my_fragment" }
    %h2 test lol

This will fetch the `#{watch_folder}/output/my_fragment.html` file and replace
the `%include` tag/placeholder with its contents.

    <h1>
      test omg
    </h1>

    <!-- INCLUDE: my_fragment START -->
    <p>
      Fragment content stuff.
    </p>
    <!-- INCLUDE: my_fragment END -->

    <h2>
      test lol
    </h2>

It's a rather simple implementation. Again, it works for me, which is all I
needed.


### License

This code is released under the [WTFPL](http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING).

               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, December 2004

    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
     14 rue de Plaisance, 75014 Paris, France
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.

               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
      TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

     0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

Commit message:

Bugfix: more than one include should be included. Change: Uses Hpricot now.

README.markdown, after:

## What It Does

Keeps an eye on a specified folder, waiting for HAML/SASS file changes. When a
file was changed, it's re-generated in `#{watch_folder}/output/` or
`#{watch_folder}/css/`.


## Usage

    ruby watcher.rb watch_folder


## Example

Running `ruby watcher.rb /Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project` will watch both both
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/haml/` and
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/sass/`. When a contained HAML or SASS file
is touched/saved, a new HTML or CSS file with the same basename is generated 
and saved in either `/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/output/` (HTML) or
`/Users/Lebowski/Code/my_project/css/`.


## Fragments / Includes

Using the custom `%include` tag in HAML files you can include other HTML files.
Think "fragments".

Example:

    %h1 test omg
    %include{ :file => "my_fragment" }
    %h2 test lol

This will fetch the `#{watch_folder}/output/my_fragment.html` file and replace
the `%include` tag/placeholder with its contents.

    <h1>
      test omg
    </h1>

    <!-- INCLUDE: my_fragment START -->
    <p>
      Fragment content stuff.
    </p>
    <!-- INCLUDE: my_fragment END -->

    <h2>
      test lol
    </h2>

It's a rather simple implementation. Again, it works for me, which is all I
needed.


## Dependencies

HAML & SASS, for obvious reasons. Also Hpricot. All are available as gems. You
know where to look.


## License

This code is released under the [WTFPL](http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING).

               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, December 2004

    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
     14 rue de Plaisance, 75014 Paris, France
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.

               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
      TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

     0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
